Add notes for gui-and-in-web-browsers-weekly 2020-03-18 (#1128)
ipfs/team-mgmt: meeting-notes/2020/Q1/2020-03-18--gui-and-in-web-browsers-weekly.md

 # GUI and In Web Browsers 2020-03-18

A weekly discussion and show & tell around IPFS GUIs and Web Browsers

* Details: https://github.com/ipfs/team-mgmt/issues/790

## Participants

- @vasco-santos
- @lidel 
- @autonome
- @chafey

## Recording

- https://ipfs.io/ipfs/bafybeifgwvqtpgchvub4z65nraop6dxcqvyanhsfr77lc435c5f4mxp46e 
- https://youtu.be/rYt8OdvppRI 

## Agenda

- go-ipfs PR merged: feat: gateway subdomains + http proxy mode
    - https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/pull/6096
    - next: ipfs-companion taking advantage of subdomains over http proxy by default
- ipfs-desktop: 
  - [v0.10.4 passed macOS notarization](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-desktop/pull/1365#issuecomment-598213301)! 
- Unlocking IPNS resolution in browser: https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/2921
  - right now hardcoded to DHT module/implementation, which does not work in web browser
  - should be possible to decouple it from that and leverage delegated routing modules from libp2p
  - probably something SIG could look at in Q2
- Road to PeerStore refactor [libp2p/js-libp2p#582](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/issues/582)

>     - AI@lidel: find/create issue about selecting type of datastore persistence via js-ipfs config/constructor 

Author: ```suggestion
    - Mildly related: issue about selecting type of datastore persistence via js-ipfs config: [js-ipfs: Support for Persistent Storage in Web Browsers](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/2937)
```
